feat: LTI 1.3 reusable configuration (#2)
open-craft/openedx-ltistore: README.md

## Adding LTI Tools to the store

> 1. Go to `https://localhost:18010/admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to `http://localhost:18000/admin`
```

2. Look for `LTI_STORE` and add **External lti configurations** by clicking `+ Add` button

## Use configuration on LTI consumer XBlock

> 1. Go to `https://localhost:18010/admin`
> 2. Look for `LTI_STORE` and go to **External lti configurations**
> 3. On the list of external LTI configurations, note down the "Filter Key" value
>    of the configuration to use (Example: lti_store:1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to `http://localhost:18000/admin`
2. Look for `LTI_STORE` and go to **External lti configurations**
3. On the list of external LTI configurations, note down the "Filter Key" value
   of the configuration to use (Example: `lti_store:1`).
```
